[2015-06-04 14:06]
Live chat with Dodo about porting my number.

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)Hello Stefan Adelbert. Welcome to Dodo Livechat Support. How can I help you today?

Stefan Adelbert Hi. I would like to close my mobile phone account, but I would like to keep the phone number.

Could you help me with that?

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)I'll see how I can I assist you further. Could you please provide me your full name, date of birth and complete address so I can pull up your account with us?

Stefan Adelbert Stefan Adelbert

18/48 Lovett Street, Manly Vale, NSW 2093

04/07/1978

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)Thank you. Please give me a moment to check you account.

Thank you for waiting.

Upon checking your account I can see that the contract for your mobile service is about to expire tomorrow.

This means that you can transfer you service now to another provider.

May I know the reason why you are changing your provider?

Stefan Adelbert I have moved internet to Telstra because I wanted cable.

I would like to have my mobile phone with them too (they have offered me a $10 discount).

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)I see.

Please note that once you cancel your service with us, you will lose your email address with Dodo on your mobile service. Are you fine with that?

I haven't heard from you, would you still like to continue with the chat?

Stefan Adelbert Hi

Sorry, I'm at work and things keep popping up.

I'm OK with losing the email affress.

address

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)It's OK.

Alright. Now, in order for you to be able to keep your mobile number and transfer it with Telstra, you need to apply a mobile service with them and asked them that you are transferring your mobile number with them. We need to keep you mobile account active until your mobile service got activated with Telstra. Once that happened, please give us a call so that we can cancel your mobile service I our end.

Stefan Adelbert OK.

What will I need to give Telstra when I sign up for the mobile account?

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)That's correct.

Tell them that you want to port your mobile number from Dodo.

Stefan Adelbert Don't I need to give them a number or a code or something?

I think I will need to give Telstra my Dodo account number or something, right?

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)I'm not too sure about the process of Telstra, but in our process if we are going to port a mobile post paid account, we ask for the account number. I supposed they may do the same so please give them your account number with us 2415267. 

Stefan Adelbert OK, thank you.

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)No worries.

If you need anything from us, please don't hesitate to contact us.

Is there anything else I can help you with?

Stefan Adelbert If I don't cancel my Dodo account, would I just continue on the same plan on a month by month basis?

Or will it automatically become another 2year contract?

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)Yes, if you don't want to be under a contract you can continue on a month to month basis.

Stefan Adelbert OK. There is a chance that I'm not able to cancel my Dodo account today. If I don't manage, then I would like it to be month-by-month from tomorrow onwards.

Please make sure that it doesn't automatically become another 2 year contract.

Sheryl (Dodo Customer Service)No worries. If you will not request us to renew your contract you're not going to be under a contract. You can continue with your mobile service with us even without a contract.
