= [2015-04-07 09:36] =

Spoke to _Abby_. She took details to create a new account for me with Telstra.

She agreed to:
* Refund $120 if I signed up for a 24 month contract in the future
* $10 discount on a mobile phone

= [2015-04-07 17:00] =

Spoke to _Abby_ for the second time.

She said that the modem I had bought would not be compatible because the system didn't register it. She said that they would comp me a modem (she didn't say which model they would comp me though).

She said that our address was not suitable for a self installation and that a technician would need to do the installation. She said that they would comp the installation. She also said that the modem I bought might be able to be used. It would be best to try with that modem and then resell the new modem that they provide.

An installation has been scheduled for Friday 10/04/2015 08:00-12:00. Reference number is I-439 235 929 161. I've been allocated the following account details:
* reference: I-439235929161
* userid: stefan.adelbert@bigpond.com
* password: TELSTRA1

= [2015-04-08 10:57] =

Callback from Telstra (_Abby_) after my request. The automated call from Telstra this morning was just to confirm that installation for Friday morning.

Modem model that will be delivered: Netgear C6300.

= [2015-04-27 13:44] =

Live chat to cancel ADSL and phone with Cristine. She called me. Mobile phone can't be cancelled until I have an active mobile account with Telstra with the number transferred.

== ADSL ==

She passed me to account who dealt with ADSL closure. The account closure was early and will result in a $16 fee. Account is closed as of today. Interestingly, no one tried to convince me to stay.

== Mobile phone ==

To transfer the mobile phone I'll need to get in touch with Telstra to get a phone account and then give them:
* 241 52 67 (account number)
* 0415 259 118 (phone number)

They will then email DoDo and get the number transferred.

[2015-04-30 12:55]

== Cable ==

_Michael_
He coudln't find the account initially. Took him about 5mins. Then spent another 5min explaining the situation until he understood.
He put me on hold for 4mins, then had me on the line for another 6mins while he
* Changed the plan to 24month contract
* Removed $120 casual plan fee
* Removed $144 modem charge

I asked for a new bill to be sent, but he said that wouldn't be possible. He did say that all I needed to do was pay $141.53 by 4 May, rather than $405.53.
